Explain what DC2Type SQL comments are about (#5057)
doctrine/dbal: docs/en/explanation/dc2type-comments.rst

Doctrine SQL comments
=====================

> Ever wondered what the ``DC2Type`` SQL comments one can find in
> databases schemas generated with Doctrine are about?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some occasions DBAL generates ``DC2Type`` SQL comments in columns of the
databases schemas that is maintained by Doctrine. These comments have a functional purpose in DBAL.
```

> Here, ``DC2`` is a shorthand for Doctrine 2, as opposed to `Doctrine 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``DC2`` is a shorthand for Doctrine 2, as opposed to `Doctrine 1
```

<https://github.com/doctrine/doctrine1>`_,
an ancestor that relied on `the active record pattern
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_record_pattern>`_.

These comments are here to help with reverse engineering. Inside the
DBAL, the schema manager can leverage them to resolve ambiguities when
it comes to determining the correct DBAL type for a given column.

> For instance, let us say you are an adept of `the Database First
> approach
> <https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/latest/tutorials/getting-started-database.html>`_,
> let us say that you want to use GUIDs in your application, and let us
> say that you are using a platform that does not have a native type for
> that, unlike PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance: You are following a `Database First approach
<https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/current/tutorials/getting-started-database.html>`_,
and want to use GUIDs in your application while using a platform that does not have a native type for
this mapping.
```

By commenting columns that hold GUIDs with ``(DC2Type:guid)``, you can
let the DBAL know it is supposed to use ``Doctrine\DBAL\Types\GuidType``
when dealing with that column.
When using reverse engineering tools, this can be used to generate
accurate information.

> For instance, if you use Doctrine ORM, there is `a reverse engineering
> tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if you use Doctrine ORM, there is `a reverse engineering example
```

<https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/current/reference/tools.html#reverse-engineering>`_

> to help you generate proper mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to show how to generate a proper mapping.
```
